Add a breaking change doc about deep links flag change to the flutter website (#11493)
flutter/website: src/content/release/breaking-changes/deep-links-flag-change.md

---
title: Deep links flag change

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: >
  If you use a third party deep linking plugin package for mobile apps,
  set Flutter's deep linking flag to false.
```

---

## Summary

> The default value for Flutter’s deep linking flag has changed from false to true, meaning deep linking is now opt-in by default.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<b>This (potential) breaking change only affects mobile apps and only if you
use a third party deep linking plugin package.</b>

The default value for Flutter’s deep linking flag has changed from `false` to `true`,
meaning that deep linking is now opt-in by default.  
```

## Migration guide

If you’re using Flutter’s default deep linking setup, this is not a breaking change for you. 

> However, if you’re using third-party plugins for deep links, such as:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, if you’re using a third-party plugin for deep links,
such as the following, this update introduces a breaking change:
```

[firebase dynamic links][https://firebase.google.com/docs/dynamic-links]
[uni_link][https://pub.dev/packages/uni_links]
[app_links][https://pub.dev/packages/app_links]

> This update will introduce a breaking change. In this case, you’ll need to manually reset the Flutter deep linking flag to false.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

In this case, you must manually reset the Flutter deep linking flag to `false`.
```

Before: non-op

After:

> Manually disable the deep linking flag if you're using third-party plugins:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Manually disable the deep linking flag if you use a third-party plugin:
```

* Android Manifest file

> ```dart

Reviewer: @hannah-hyj, I _believe_ the build is failing because you label this code as `dart`, when it's `yaml`. Can you fix this and also add "yaml" to the iOS example below. If I'm right, this should fix the website build.

<manifest>
   <application
       <activity>
<meta-data android:name="flutter_deeplinking_enabled" android:value="false" />
       </activity>
   </application>
</manifest>
```

* iOS info.plist file

```
   <key>FlutterDeepLinkingEnabled</key>
   <false/>
```

## Timeline

Landed in version: 3.27.0-0.0.pre<br>
Stable release: 3.27

## References

Design documentation:
flutter.dev/go/deep-link-flag-migration.

Relevant PR:

> * [Set deep linking flag to true by defaulte][https://github.com/flutter/engine/pull/52350]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Set deep linking flag to true by defaulte]({{site.github}}/flutter/engine/pull/52350)
```

---
title: Deep links flag change
description: >
  If you use a third party deep linking plugin package for mobile apps,
  set Flutter's deep linking flag to false.
---

## Summary

<b>This (potential) breaking change only affects mobile apps and only if you
use a third party deep linking plugin package.</b>

The default value for Flutter’s deep linking flag has changed from `false` to `true`,
meaning that deep linking is now opt-in by default.  

## Migration guide

If you’re using Flutter’s default deep linking setup, this is not a breaking change for you. 

However, if you’re using a third-party plugin for deep links,
such as the following, this update introduces a breaking change:

> [firebase dynamic links][https://firebase.google.com/docs/dynamic-links]
> [uni_link][https://pub.dev/packages/uni_links]
> [app_links][https://pub.dev/packages/app_links]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[firebase dynamic links](https://firebase.google.com/docs/dynamic-links)
[uni_link](https://pub.dev/packages/uni_links)
[app_links](https://pub.dev/packages/app_links)
```

Fixing malformed links. @hannah-hyj, if you put the link inline, as have here,  you use curly brackets instead of square brackets.
